samples: nrf9160: lwm2m_client:  librarization of the common parts (#4257)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: include/net/nrf91_lwm2m_app.rst

   application cause it's deemed mandatory.

:option:`CONFIG_NRF91_LWM2M_APP_SECURITY_OBJ_SUPPORT` enabled
   Enables support for the Security object

:option:`CONFIG_NRF91_LWM2M_APP_CONN_MON_OBJ_SUPPORT` enabled
   Enables support for the Connection Monitor object

:option:`CONFIG_NRF91_LWM2M_APP_LOCATION_OBJ_SUPPORT` enabled
   Enables support for the Location object

:option:`CONFIG_NRF91_LWM2M_APP_FIRMWARE_UPDATE_OBJ_SUPPORT` enabled
   Enables support for the Firmware Update object

Defining your own resources
***************************

This section will walk through a process of creating a custom LwM2M resource. For most application, the
business logic may be implemented inside custom resources, which are either proprietary to this application
or may be following some external specification, like IPSO objects. Either way, they extend the resource tree
by defining own objects on top of what LwM2M already defines.

Before defining a proprietary resource, it is a good practice to check whether similar functionality is
already defined in `LwM2M Object and Resource Registry`_.
If there is already such definition you might want to use that, instead of defining your own.

> Please note that Zephyr's LwM2M library has only a limited support for some IPSO objects, so extending beyound those,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that Zephyr's LwM2M library has only a limited support for some IPSO objects, so extending beyond those,
```

Author: Seems to be fixed.

requires changes to the internal engine as well.

> For this example, we are going to demonstrate how do we define a resource that follow Generic Sensor definition from IPSO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, we are going to demonstrate how do we define an object that follows Generic Sensor definition from IPSO.
```
We should differentiate a resource (which reprensents an individual field in an object specification) from objects (which groups multiple resources) and do not mix these.

Author: Seems to be fixed.

First, we look for "Generic Sensor" from the `LwM2M Object and Resource Registry`_ list

> which would give us that the resource object ID would be `3300`. Within that list, we could open a `raw XML`_ file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which would give us that the object ID would be `3300`. Within that list, we could open a `raw XML`_ file
```

Author: Seems to be fixed.

or open a bit more human readable view from `the LwM2M editor`_ to see what resources are defined under the object ID 3300.

> .. _LwM2M Object and Resource Registry: http://openmobilealliance.org/wp/OMNA/LwM2M/LwM2MRegistry.html

Reviewer: The links should rather end up in `links.txt`.

Author: Seems to be fixed.

   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: auto

   * - ID
     - Name
     - Operations
     - Instances
     - Mandatory
     - Type
     - Description
   * - 5700
     - Sensor Value
     - R
     - Single
     - Mandatory
     - Float
     - Last or Current Measured Value from the Sensor.
   * - 5701
     - Sensor Units
     - R
     - Single
     - Optional
     - String
     - Measurement Units Definition.
   * - 5601
     - Min Measured Value
     - R
     - Single
     - Optional
     - Float
     - The minimum value measured by the sensor since power ON or reset.
   * - 5602
     - Max Measured Value
     - R
     - Single
     - Optional
     - Float
     - The maximum value measured by the sensor since power ON or reset.

From the table above, we can see that resource ID of our sensor value would be `5700`.
For the purpose of the tutorial, we only demonstrate that one resource, which is mandatory.
As the LwM2M uses resource paths in form of `object ID/instance/resource ID` and our object ID is 3300
and of course this is our first instance. Therefore our full path for the sensor value would be
`3300/0/5700`. You need to use this path in the LwM2M library API.

> First thing we do, is to have read-function for our data. It is out of scope for this tutorial

Reviewer: I know it'd be hard to cover every possible use of the library, but I think it's worth mentioning that registering a read callback is optional and is recommended if we want to read the data directly from a sensor on each READ operation. 

Another common case for the readable resource is to modify their value on event, there's no need to register a read callback then. A good exaple for this is the Push Button object - whenever we get an event that the button was pressed/released we just update its value through the lwm2m_engine with `lwm2m_engine_set_bool()`. When a READ operation is issued by the server, the engine will get the button value directly from the object internal data instead of reaching the read callback.

Author: Thanks, this got added by Uma.

.. _lib_nrf91_lwm2m_app:

nRF91 LwM2M client application
##############################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The :ref:`lwm2m_client` demonstrates how to use Lightweight Machine to Machine (`LwM2M`_) protocol to connect an
nRF91 based device to an LwM2M server such as `Leshan Demo Server`_ via LTE. Once connected, the device can be queried
to obtain location data, and to retrieve information about the modem.

> This library provides a basic set of LwM2M resources combined together to avoid the need to duplicate these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library provides a basic set of LwM2M objects combined together to avoid the need to duplicate these
```

Author: Done.

in all of the applications planning to communicate with an LwM2M server. Following fixed set of readily initialized

> resources are at users exposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
objects are at users exposal.
```

Author: Done.
